♪I found a faint light
in the fading dusk♪
♪And met your steady gaze♪
♪One knowing glance,
and side by side we walk on♪
♪Longing finds no place to rest♪
♪Through drifting wind and rain♪
♪You are the prayer within my hands♪
♪A single second frozen,
tears in focus, my heart already knows♪
♪We made a promise long ago♪
♪For all our days to come♪
♪You are the fate I cannot outrun♪
♪How much must I let go
to trade for one moment?♪
♪Holding you close♪
♪Would that be enough?♪
=Echoes of Love=
(Adapted from the signed screenplay
Echoes of Love on Migu Reading)
=Episode 8=
(Shengtang Guild:
trafficking money, trading leverage)
(records of Beauty Portrait,
colluding for profit)
The Shengtang Guild operates
under a strict hierarchy.
Officials from every faction at court
are bound together
through exchanges of power and desire,
forming cliques for private gain,
and expanding their circle of allies.
The rules here are numerous.
Each member fulfills a specific role,
and they work together seamlessly.
Brothel Keeper
controls the major pleasure quarters
in the Capital,
and selects performers
for the Shengtang Guild.
Auction Master
oversees auctions
and selects performers,
then distributes the spoils
to various officials.
Enforcer
silences witnesses through killing,
and eliminates political rivals
for the Shengtang Guild.
Chief Steward
is responsible
for handling the cleanup.
A bunch of beasts.
(Shengtang Guild: Brothel Keeper,
Enforcer, Auction Master, Chief Steward)
We must take matters into our hands.
They may soon find out
that I took Su Wanniang's place.
They will surely come after us.
Instead,
(Shengtang Guild)
we should strike first.
Have we not already obtained
the Beauty Portrait?
It must contain evidence
of their crimes.
There is no time to lose. We will deliver it
to the Court of Judicial Review now,
and bring them all to justice.
Although the Beauty Portrait
is crucial evidence,
the proof is still not sufficient.
We need a witness.
Only then will we stand
a full chance of victory.
The Beauty Portrait has been sent
to the Imperial Guard for investigation.
A witness?
You should not have come here today.
Speak. What exactly is your purpose?
I do not understand what you mean.
Have you not suffered enough
up to this point?
The Shengtang Guild is
different from Huanyue House.
In the past, you may have survived
with a few petty tricks.
But once you step through
the gates of the Shengtang Guild,
there's no turning back.
You will have no tomorrow.
Oh, right.
I remember the man who bought me that day.
His behavior was very strange.
He had the chance to make a move against me,
yet he did nothing.
And his voice sounded very familiar.
He also knew I was not Su Wanniang.
That means he is likely someone
from the pleasure house.
It seems
we must return to Huanyue House.
Wei Cheng.
Sir.
Miss Song.
Your mission
has now been completed.
I informed you
because what follows will be dangerous.
Once this matter is concluded,
I will retrieve your indenture contract
from Huanyue House and return it to you.
For the time being,
remain at the Gu Residence
and focus on recovering.
Gu Chengye.
At this point,
how do you expect me
to walk away unscathed?
You scoundrel!
This fox-masked man
was willing to spend a fortune to save her.
There must be more to it.
Perhaps he is the witness
we are looking for.
I will go at once.
Wait.
Give Miss Song
a chance to leave.
Then follow her.
So, you mean
to let Miss Song go instead?
What a calculated move.
Remember,
assign more covert guards.
You must ensure her safety.
Yes, sir.
You dared to let Song Zhiyun escape.
Do you have any idea
how much trouble you have caused?
Those above have already learned
that Song Zhiyun entered the Guild
impersonating Su Wanniang.
I failed my duty.
Failed your duty?
You did it on purpose.
If they find out it was you,
we will all die.
At the mass graves east of the city,
there is already a spot
reserved for you.
I was wrong.
From now on,
I will obey your order, Master Zhou.
Come.
Well, well.
If you had been a little more obedient
these past years,
you would not have suffered
such torment.
(Gu Chengye,)
(do you really think
you can lock me up?)
(Shangguan Yu is very likely that fox.)
(And he will not harm me.)
(Once I persuade him to be the witness,)
(you're not going to
look down on me later.)
Well now, sir,
why are you here all alone?
The ladies here
are all skilled in music,
chess, calligraphy, and painting.
We guarantee your visit
will not be in vain.
This way, honored guest.
(What a handsome young gentleman.)
(He looks either wealthy or noble.)
(If I could win his heart,)
(I might free myself
from this lowly status.)
You're sitting here alone.
Is it that a kindred spirit
is hard to find?
Perhaps
I could keep you company.
(Darn it.)
(Why did she have to show up
at a time like this?)
(She must not ruin my plan.)
There is no need to trouble your, miss.
Things have been tense lately.
Keep an eye out for suspicious people.
Since a kindred spirit is hard to find,
why not
share a drink with me?
It is all Song Zhiyun's fault
that I missed my chance to perform
and was demoted
to a low ranked performer.
Otherwise,
I would already be a concubine
in a great household by now.
That wretched woman
had better never return.
Was it Shangguan Yu
who demoted you?
Chief Yu?
No.
He has always looked after me in secret.
Then
where is he now?
Chief Yu...
He was just punished by Master Zhou.
He is
upstairs.
Su Wanniang.
Who are you?
You are actually a woman.
You are a woman too.
Who exactly are you?
It's you.